Refactor umuldw API (#624)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/ops/umuldw/README.md

// returns [ 1073741824, 0 ]
```

> #### umuldw( a, b, out, stride, offset )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### umuldw.assign( a, b, out, stride, offset )
```

> Multiplies two unsigned 32-bit integers and returns an `array` of two unsigned 32-bit integers (in big endian order) which represents the unsigned 64-bit integer product, and assigns results to a provided output array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiplies two unsigned 32-bit integers and assigns results representing the unsigned 64-bit integer product (in big endian order) to a provided output array.
```
